README.md, before:

# Welcome to My Personal Website

This is my personal website to get to know more about me and my progress, this website and all the corresponding styles is truly inspired by [Superrb](https://www.superrb.com) and animation of this website is with the help of [Animate Style](https://animate.style) and the helpful people mentioned below.

## Website

- fadlim.space : [https://fadlim.space](https://fadlim.space)

## Run Locally
```
$ git clone https://github.com/mfadlika/Next-Profile_Page.git
$ cd Next-Profile_Page
$ npm install
$ npm run dev
```
## About the Website

This website is built with Next JS and Tailwind, inspired by [Superrb](https://www.superrb.com) and animation of this website is with the help of [Animate Style](https://animate.style). To install Animate Style to your project:
```
$ npm install animate.css --save
```

Add it directly to your webpage using a CDN:
```
<head>
  <link
    rel="stylesheet"
    href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/animate.css/4.1.1/animate.min.css"
  />
</head>
```

To implement it to your corresponding element you want to animate:
- After installing Animate.css, add the class animate__animated to an element, along with any of the animation names (don't forget the animate__ prefix!):
```
<h1 class="animate__animated animate__bounce">An animated element</h1>
```
- And for more information you can deep dive to their website: [Animate Style](https://animate.style).

For the other animations, big thanks to their beautiful works:
- The Menu Hamburger Icon Animation is animated by Jesse Couch, you can see the work and the source code at [Jesse Couch's CodePen](https://codepen.io/designcouch/pen/ExvwPY) account.
- The Waves Animation is animated by Ted McDonald at [Ted McDonald's CodePen](https://codepen.io/tedmcdo/pen/PqxKXg).
- The Shining Text Effect Animation on hovering the Navigation Link is animated by Fazlur Rahman at [Fazlur Rahman's CodePen](https://codepen.io/fazlurr/pen/qbWMRv) account.

Commit message:

dark mode and night sky

README.md, after:

# Welcome to My Personal Website

This is my personal website to get to know more about me and my progress, this website and all the corresponding styles is truly inspired by [Superrb](https://www.superrb.com) and animation of this website is with the help of [Animate Style](https://animate.style) and the helpful people mentioned below.

## Website

- fadlim.space : [https://fadlim.space](https://fadlim.space)

## Run Locally

```
$ git clone https://github.com/mfadlika/Next-Profile_Page.git
$ cd Next-Profile_Page
$ npm install
$ npm run dev
```

## About the Website

This website is built with Next JS and Tailwind, inspired by [Superrb](https://www.superrb.com) and animation of this website is with the help of [Animate Style](https://animate.style). To install Animate Style to your project:

```
$ npm install animate.css --save
```

Add it directly to your webpage using a CDN:

```
<head>
  <link
    rel="stylesheet"
    href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/animate.css/4.1.1/animate.min.css"
  />
</head>
```

To implement it to your corresponding element you want to animate:

- After installing Animate.css, add the class animate**animated to an element, along with any of the animation names (don't forget the animate** prefix!):

```
<h1 class="animate__animated animate__bounce">An animated element</h1>
```

- And for more information you can deep dive to their website: [Animate Style](https://animate.style).

For the other animations, big thanks to their beautiful works:

- The Menu Hamburger Icon Animation is animated by Jesse Couch, you can see the work and the source code at [Jesse Couch's CodePen](https://codepen.io/designcouch/pen/ExvwPY) account.
- The Waves Animation is animated by Ted McDonald at [Ted McDonald's CodePen](https://codepen.io/tedmcdo/pen/PqxKXg).
- The Shining Text Effect Animation on hovering the Navigation Link is animated by Fazlur Rahman at [Fazlur Rahman's CodePen](https://codepen.io/fazlurr/pen/qbWMRv) account.
- The Night Sky Animation in the dark mode is animated by [Sobhan Dash](https://dev.to/sobhandash) at [dev.to](https://dev.to/sobhandash/lets-build-a-night-sky-using-pure-scss-2g0n)

For Dark Mode, here's the nice article you can read: [egghead.io](https://egghead.io/blog/tailwindcss-dark-mode-nextjs-typography-prose)
